no one even asked me if I took the milk
money that time I just got a three-day
vacation did you take it yeah I took it
you know I took it Teddy no I took it
everyone know I took it even Vern know
what I think maybe I was sorry I try to
give it back tried to give it back maybe
just maybe and maybe I took it the old
lady silence and told her and the money
was all there but I still got a 30-day
vacation because I never showed up maybe
the next week old lady Simons had this
brand-new sarong when she came to school
yeah yeah I was Brown had thoughts on it
yeah so let's just say that I stole the
milk money but Oh Lady Simon stole it
back from me just suppose that I told
the story me Chris Chambers kid bothered
to eyeball chambers you think that
anyone would have believed it oh and do
you think that that would have
dared tried something like that if it'd
been one of those douche bags from up on
the view if they had taken the money
away
no but with me sure she had her eye on a
skirt for a long time anyway she saw her
chance and she took it I was the stupid
one for even trying to give it back
I never thought the teacher oh
anyway I like it to go someplace where
nobody knows me
[Music]
you